README.md, before:

Swift repository plugin for Elasticsearch
=========================================

In order to install the plugin, simply run: `bin/plugin -install org.wikimedia.elasticsearch.swift/swift-repository-plugin/<version>`.

|      Swift Plugin           | elasticsearch         | Release date |
|-----------------------------|-----------------------|:------------:|
| 0.1                         | 1.1.0                 | 2014-04-29   |
| 0.2                         | 1.1.0                 | 2014-04-30   |
| 0.3                         | 1.1.0                 | 2014-05-01   |
| 0.4                         | 1.1.0                 | 2014-05-28   |
| 0.5                         | 1.3.2                 | 2014-08-18   |
| 0.6                         | 1.3.2                 | 2014-08-20   |

## Create Repository
```
    $ curl -XPUT 'http://localhost:9200/_snapshot/my_backup' -d '{
        "type": "swift",
        "settings": {
            "swift_url": "http://localhost:8080/auth/v1.0/",
            "swift_container": "my-container",
            "swift_username": "myuser",
            "swift_password": "mypass!"
        }
    }'
```

See [Snapshot And Restore](http://www.elasticsearch.org/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/1.x/modules-snapshots.html) for more information


## Settings
|  Setting                            |   Description
|-------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------
| swift_container                     | Swift container name. **Mandatory**
| swift_url                           | Swift auth url. **Mandatory**
| swift_authmethod                    | Swift auth method, one of "KEYSTONE" "TEMPAUTH" or "" for basic auth
| swift_password                      | Swift password
| swift_tenant                        | Swift tenant name, only used with keystone auth
| swift_username                      | Swift username
| concurrent_streams                  | Throttles the number of streams (per node) preforming snapshot operation. Defaults to `5`
| compress                            | Turns on compression of the snapshot files. Defaults to `true`.
| max_restore_bytes_per_sec           | Throttles per node restore rate. Defaults to `20mb` per second.
| max_snapshot_bytes_per_sec          | Throttles per node snapshot rate. Defaults to `20mb` per second.


## To debug in Eclipse
Since Swift has logging dependencies you have to be careful about debugging in Eclipse.

1.  Import this project into Eclipse using the maven connector.  Do no import the main Elasticsearch code.
2.  Create a new java application debug configuration and set it to run ElasticsearchF.
3.  Go to the Classpath tab
4.  Click on Maven Dependiences
5.  Click on Advanced
6.  Click Add Folder
7.  Click ok
8.  Expand the tree to find <project-name>/src/test/resources
9.  Click ok
10. Click debug

Commit message:

Adjust default parameters + documentation
- Compression tends to not work well with Swift right now. Default it
  to false and document this.
- Document chunk_size and default it to 5gb as that's the default max
  object size in Swift
- Typo in concurrent_streams doc

Change-Id: I5970a5c9bb0d19cdc22277b737425b9bfe76ffc0

README.md, after:

Swift repository plugin for Elasticsearch
=========================================

In order to install the plugin, simply run: `bin/plugin -install org.wikimedia.elasticsearch.swift/swift-repository-plugin/<version>`.

|      Swift Plugin           | elasticsearch         | Release date |
|-----------------------------|-----------------------|:------------:|
| 0.1                         | 1.1.0                 | 2014-04-29   |
| 0.2                         | 1.1.0                 | 2014-04-30   |
| 0.3                         | 1.1.0                 | 2014-05-01   |
| 0.4                         | 1.1.0                 | 2014-05-28   |
| 0.5                         | 1.3.2                 | 2014-08-18   |
| 0.6                         | 1.3.2                 | 2014-08-20   |

## Create Repository
```
    $ curl -XPUT 'http://localhost:9200/_snapshot/my_backup' -d '{
        "type": "swift",
        "settings": {
            "swift_url": "http://localhost:8080/auth/v1.0/",
            "swift_container": "my-container",
            "swift_username": "myuser",
            "swift_password": "mypass!"
        }
    }'
```

See [Snapshot And Restore](http://www.elasticsearch.org/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/1.x/modules-snapshots.html) for more information


## Settings
|  Setting                            |   Description
|-------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------
| swift_container                     | Swift container name. **Mandatory**
| swift_url                           | Swift auth url. **Mandatory**
| swift_authmethod                    | Swift auth method, one of "KEYSTONE" "TEMPAUTH" or "" for basic auth
| swift_password                      | Swift password
| swift_tenant                        | Swift tenant name, only used with keystone auth
| swift_username                      | Swift username
| chunk_size                          | Maximum size for individual objects in the snapshot. Defaults to `5gb` as that's the Swift default
| concurrent_streams                  | Throttles the number of streams (per node) performing snapshot operation. Defaults to `5`
| compress                            | Turns on compression of the snapshot files. Defaults to `false` as it tends to break with Swift
| max_restore_bytes_per_sec           | Throttles per node restore rate. Defaults to `20mb` per second.
| max_snapshot_bytes_per_sec          | Throttles per node snapshot rate. Defaults to `20mb` per second.


## To debug in Eclipse
Since Swift has logging dependencies you have to be careful about debugging in Eclipse.

1.  Import this project into Eclipse using the maven connector.  Do no import the main Elasticsearch code.
2.  Create a new java application debug configuration and set it to run ElasticsearchF.
3.  Go to the Classpath tab
4.  Click on Maven Dependiences
5.  Click on Advanced
6.  Click Add Folder
7.  Click ok
8.  Expand the tree to find <project-name>/src/test/resources
9.  Click ok
10. Click debug
